Now we had another issue issued this app here because once this is all solved here if we quickly go
there make sure that we solve this.
Then we have this screen and this screen also is broken.
We got two issues here actually.
One is that the screen is the scroll label which wasn't a problem on bigger devices where we have more
height.
But here we can squeeze all the content on the screen so we might want to make it scroll just to be
safe and or alternatively we make sure that we're guaranteed to fit everything onto the screen and to
be guaranteed that this is the case we need to go to the game over screen and calculate our heights
here dynamically especially the image height here which were right now hard coding 2 300 pixels which
is way too big on the small device.
Now you already learned about the solution for that.
We can't again use these dimensions API by importing it from React Native and with dimensions imported.
We can go down to our style sheet and on the image container we can now say dimensions get window width
and now let's say for the image container for the image here we want to have a width of maybe 70 percent
of the available width and we wanted to have the same value as a height.
So I'll just copy that.
It's important here we don't use height because the image shouldn't be 70 percent of our available height
high.
Instead it should just have the same height as it has width and that's calculated on the device width
so we use with down there as well now here border radius should be half of that so we can use that here
too and then divide it by two and we'll have the perfect border radius for added dynamically calculated
width so that's one important thing.
Now we also got a couple of other sizes we're setting up like the margin vertical here which we hard
code to 30 the same for the result container and we might want to change this as well so here we can
also say dimensions get window.
In this case height and maybe divide this by let's say 20 and see if that looks good and also down there
margin vertical maybe divide this by 40 because it was 15 before this will 30.
So let's add the White this by 40 if we divide it this by twenty two if the same to have the same relation
between these two margin verticals again.
So let's solve this again.
Let's see what the result is better.
Now at least we can see the button but still not perfect.
This margin here is certainly still too big and also the fun size we could shrink this as well.
So rounder image can certainly divide the height by 30 year for this margin we're setting up and then
go to 60 for this result container vertical margin and for the font size here.
Here we can use if check if we want to add for example check our available height here and if Dad is
let's say smaller than 400 then we use 16 here and otherwise we use 20 now last but not least to all
to make sure that we can scroll because sometimes with all the tweaking will still not be able to fit
it onto the screen at least not without making everything super small.
We might want to import dead scroll view here and wrap our view with that.
So add scroll view here around our view to make that scroll.
Now let's have a look at this again.
Let's solve this
now it looks better it fits onto the screen and if we needed to we would also be able to scroll it can
see that on the iPhone by the way they are if we solve this
on the iPhone we can always scroll a little bit and it bounces back.
We have scrolling enabled and therefore now does looks good on the iPhone but all eyes on this device
where we reduced the font size a little bit worked on the spacing here a little bit and if it would
go beyond our boundaries then we could scroll it.
So we will always be able to interact with our game so that's D dimensions API here and dimensions API
really helps us build user interfaces to look good on different device sizes and as you learn there
are different ways of using it to dynamically calculate sizes speed set for width or height or margins
and also of course in If statements to simply render different content attach different styles or different
style objects based on the width or height conditions you're setting up here.
But that's not all because users might also change the device orientation while the app runs.
And that also sometimes means that we need to change the styling and or layout.